Address Watson's comments. (#55)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

If an application uses external PSKs, the external PSKs MUST adhere to the following requirements:

> 1. Each PSK SHOULD be derived from at least 128 bits of entropy, MUST be at least 128 bits long, and SHOULD be used in
>    TLS's PSK Key Exchange mode for forward secrecy. As discussed in {{sec-properties}}, low entropy PSKs, i.e., those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Each PSK SHOULD be derived from at least 128 bits of entropy, MUST be at least 128 bits long, and SHOULD be combined with a DH exchange, e.g., by using the "psk_dhe_ke" Pre-Shared Key Exchange Mode in TLS 1.3, for forward secrecy. As discussed in {{sec-properties}}, low entropy PSKs, i.e., those
```
